Today is Tiantian’s birthday.
What are you all doing here? Dad, Dad
It's okay. It's all my fault.
I'm ashamed of you
Have we had enough?
If you don't dare, can you lend us money?
You talked too much about my son again
Fuck you, I will marry you at your house
It's just that you didn't follow the four-day practice
As for your other matters
I don’t have the confidence to go either.
Say it once, daddy can’t have more greens
You can borrow more money
Just a little money
You don't care about class selection.
I understand that Huanli doesn’t allow people to
You're fine. I didn't listen and you didn't allow me to do it.
Don't say it's your father
Even so?
Life and death have nothing to do with me.
So what kind of automatic relationship do you have that you don’t allow others to have?
Where is that child?
I am also related to you, right?